## Module RxJS.AsyncSubject

#### `AsyncSubject`

``` purescript
data AsyncSubject :: * -> *
```

Please see [RxJS Version 5.* documentation](http://reactivex.io/rxjs/) for
additional details on proper usage of the library.

##### Instances
``` purescript
Functor AsyncSubject
Apply AsyncSubject
Applicative AsyncSubject
Bind AsyncSubject
Monad AsyncSubject
Semigroup (AsyncSubject a)
Alt AsyncSubject
Plus AsyncSubject
Alternative AsyncSubject
MonadZero AsyncSubject
MonadPlus AsyncSubject
```

#### `observeOn`

``` purescript
observeOn :: forall a. Scheduler -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Takes a Scheduler and returns a new AsyncSubject that uses that Scheduler.
It will make every `next` call run in the new scheduler.

#### `subscribeOn`

``` purescript
subscribeOn :: forall a. Scheduler -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Forces the subscription and unsubscription

#### `subscribe`

``` purescript
subscribe :: forall a e. Subscriber a -> AsyncSubject a -> Eff e Subscription
```

Subscribing to an AsyncSubject is like calling a function, providing
`next`, `error` and `completed` effects to which the data will be delivered.

#### `subscribeNext`

``` purescript
subscribeNext :: forall a e. (a -> Eff e Unit) -> AsyncSubject a -> Eff e Subscription
```

#### `just`

``` purescript
just :: forall a. a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Creates an AsyncSubject that emits the value specify,
and then emits a complete notification.  An alias for `of`.

#### `asObservable`

``` purescript
asObservable :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> Observable a
```

Create an Observable from a AsyncSubject

#### `buffer`

``` purescript
buffer :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject (Array a)
```

Collects values from the first AsyncSubject into an Array, and emits that array only when
second AsyncSubject emits.

#### `bufferCount`

``` purescript
bufferCount :: forall a. Int -> Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (Array a)
```

Collects values from the past as an array, emits that array when
its size (arg1) reaches the specified buffer size, and starts a new buffer.
The new buffer starts with nth (arg2) element of the AsyncSubject counting
from the beginning of the *last* buffer.

#### `bufferToggle`

``` purescript
bufferToggle :: forall a b c. (AsyncSubject a) -> (AsyncSubject b) -> (b -> AsyncSubject c) -> (AsyncSubject (Array a))
```

Collects values from the source AsyncSubject (arg1) as an array. Starts collecting only when
the opening (arg2) AsyncSubject emits, and calls the closingSelector function (arg3) to get an AsyncSubject
that decides when to close the buffer.  Another buffer opens when the
opening AsyncSubject emits its next value.

#### `bufferWhen`

``` purescript
bufferWhen :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject (Array a)
```

Collects values from the past as an array. When it starts collecting values,
it calls a function that returns an AsyncSubject that emits to close the
buffer and restart collecting.

#### `concatMap`

``` purescript
concatMap :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject b
```

Equivalent to mergeMap (a.k.a, `>>=`) EXCEPT that, unlike mergeMap,
the next bind will not run until the AsyncSubject generated by the projection function (arg2)
completes.  That is, composition is sequential, not concurrent.
Warning: if source values arrive endlessly and faster than their corresponding
inner AsyncSubjects can complete, it will result in memory issues as inner
AsyncSubjects amass in an unbounded buffer waiting for their turn to be subscribed to.

#### `concatMapTo`

``` purescript
concatMapTo :: forall a b c. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> (a -> b -> AsyncSubject c) -> AsyncSubject c
```

The type signature explains it best.  Warning: Like `concatMap`, composition is sequential.

#### `exhaustMap`

``` purescript
exhaustMap :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject b
```

It's Like concatMap (a.k.a, `>>=`) EXCEPT that it ignores every new projected
AsyncSubject if the previous projected AsyncSubject has not yet completed.

#### `expand`

``` purescript
expand :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject a) -> AsyncSubject a
```

It's similar to mergeMap, but applies the projection function to every source
value as well as every output value. It's recursive.

#### `groupBy`

``` purescript
groupBy :: forall a b. (a -> b) -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a)
```

Groups the items emitted by an AsyncSubject (arg2) according to the value
returned by the grouping function (arg1).  Each group becomes its own
AsyncSubject.

#### `mapTo`

``` purescript
mapTo :: forall a b. b -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b
```

Emits the given constant value on the output AsyncSubject every time
the source AsyncSubject emits a value.

#### `mergeMapTo`

``` purescript
mergeMapTo :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject b
```

Maps each value of the AsyncSubject (arg1) to the same inner AsyncSubject (arg2),
then flattens the result.

#### `pairwise`

``` purescript
pairwise :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (Array a)
```

Puts the current value and previous value together as an array, and emits that.

#### `partition`

``` purescript
partition :: forall a. (a -> Boolean) -> AsyncSubject a -> Array (AsyncSubject a)
```

Given a predicate function (arg1), and an AsyncSubject (arg2), it outputs a
two element array of partitioned values
(i.e., [ AsyncSubject valuesThatPassPredicate, AsyncSubject valuesThatFailPredicate ]).

#### `scan`

``` purescript
scan :: forall a b. (a -> b -> b) -> b -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b
```

Given an accumulator function (arg1), an initial value (arg2), and
a source AsyncSubject (arg3), it returns an AsyncSubject that emits the current
accumlation whenever the source emits a value.

#### `switchMap`

``` purescript
switchMap :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject b
```

Projects each source value to an AsyncSubject which is merged in the output
AsyncSubject, emitting values only from the most recently projected AsyncSubject.

#### `switchMapTo`

``` purescript
switchMapTo :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject b
```

It's like switchMap, but maps each value to the same inner AsyncSubject.

#### `window`

``` purescript
window :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a)
```

It's like buffer, but emits a nested AsyncSubject instead of an array.

#### `windowCount`

``` purescript
windowCount :: forall a. Int -> Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a)
```

It's like bufferCount, but emits a nested AsyncSubject instead of an array.

#### `windowTime`

``` purescript
windowTime :: forall a. Int -> Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a)
```

It's like bufferTime, but emits a nested AsyncSubject instead of an array,
and it doesn't take a maximum size parameter.  arg1 is how long to
buffer items into a new AsyncSubject, arg2 is the when the next buffer should begin,
and arg3 is the source AsyncSubject.

#### `windowToggle`

``` purescript
windowToggle :: forall a b c. (AsyncSubject a) -> (AsyncSubject b) -> (b -> AsyncSubject c) -> (AsyncSubject (Array a))
```

It's like bufferToggle, but emits a nested AsyncSubject instead of an array.

#### `windowWhen`

``` purescript
windowWhen :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a)
```

It's like bufferWhen, but emits a nested AsyncSubject instead of an array.

#### `audit`

``` purescript
audit :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject a
```

It's like auditTime, but the silencing duration is determined by a second AsyncSubject.

#### `auditTime`

``` purescript
auditTime :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Ignores source values for duration milliseconds,
then emits the most recent value from the source AsyncSubject, then repeats this process.

#### `debounce`

``` purescript
debounce :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject Int) -> AsyncSubject a
```

It's like debounceTime, but the time span of emission silence is determined
by a second AsyncSubject.  Allows for a variable debounce rate.

#### `debounceTime`

``` purescript
debounceTime :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

It's like delay, but passes only the most recent value from each burst of emissions.

#### `distinct`

``` purescript
distinct :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that emits all items emitted by the source AsyncSubject
that are distinct by comparison from previous items.

#### `distinctUntilChanged`

``` purescript
distinctUntilChanged :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that emits all items emitted by the source AsyncSubject
that are distinct by comparison from the previous item.

#### `elementAt`

``` purescript
elementAt :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> Int -> AsyncSubject a
```

Emits the single value at the specified index in a sequence of emissions
from the source AsyncSubject.

#### `filter`

``` purescript
filter :: forall a. (a -> Boolean) -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Filter items emitted by the source AsyncSubject by only emitting those that
satisfy a specified predicate.

#### `ignoreElements`

``` purescript
ignoreElements :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Ignores all items emitted by the source AsyncSubject and only passes calls of complete or error.

#### `last`

``` purescript
last :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that emits only the last item emitted by the source AsyncSubject.

#### `sample`

``` purescript
sample :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject a
```

It's like sampleTime, but samples whenever the notifier AsyncSubject emits something.

#### `sampleTime`

``` purescript
sampleTime :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Periodically looks at the source AsyncSubject and emits whichever
value it has most recently emitted since the previous sampling, unless the source has not emitted anything since the previous sampling.

#### `skip`

``` purescript
skip :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that skips n items emitted by an AsyncSubject.

#### `skipUntil`

``` purescript
skipUntil :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that skips items emitted by the source AsyncSubject until a second AsyncSubject emits an item.

#### `skipWhile`

``` purescript
skipWhile :: forall a. (a -> Boolean) -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that skips all items emitted
by the source AsyncSubject as long as a specified condition holds true,
but emits all further source items as soon as the condition becomes false.

#### `take`

``` purescript
take :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Emits only the first n values emitted by the source AsyncSubject.

#### `takeUntil`

``` purescript
takeUntil :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject a
```

Lets values pass until a second AsyncSubject emits something. Then, it completes.

#### `takeWhile`

``` purescript
takeWhile :: forall a. (a -> Boolean) -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Emits values emitted by the source AsyncSubject so long as each value satisfies
the given predicate, and then completes as soon as this predicate is not satisfied.

#### `throttle`

``` purescript
throttle :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject a
```

It's like throttleTime, but the silencing duration is determined by a second AsyncSubject.

#### `throttleTime`

``` purescript
throttleTime :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Emits a value from the source AsyncSubject, then ignores subsequent source values
for duration milliseconds, then repeats this process.

#### `combineLatest`

``` purescript
combineLatest :: forall a b c. (a -> b -> c) -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject c
```

An AsyncSubject of projected values from the most recent values from each input AsyncSubject.

#### `concat`

``` purescript
concat :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Concatenates two AsyncSubjects together by sequentially emitting their values, one AsyncSubject after the other.

#### `concatAll`

``` purescript
concatAll :: forall a. AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a) -> AsyncSubject a
```

Converts a higher-order AsyncSubject into a first-order AsyncSubject by concatenating the inner AsyncSubjects in order.

#### `exhaust`

``` purescript
exhaust :: forall a. AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a) -> AsyncSubject a
```

Flattens an AsyncSubject-of-AsyncSubjects by dropping the next inner AsyncSubjects
while the current inner is still executing.

#### `merge`

``` purescript
merge :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Creates an output AsyncSubject which concurrently emits all values from each input AsyncSubject.

#### `mergeAll`

``` purescript
mergeAll :: forall a. AsyncSubject (AsyncSubject a) -> AsyncSubject a
```

Converts a higher-order AsyncSubject into a first-order AsyncSubject
which concurrently delivers all values that are emitted on the inner AsyncSubjects.

#### `race`

``` purescript
race :: forall a. Array (AsyncSubject a) -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that mirrors the first source AsyncSubject to emit an
item from the array of AsyncSubjects.

#### `startWith`

``` purescript
startWith :: forall a. Array a -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Returns an AsyncSubject that emits the items in the given Array before
it begins to emit items emitted by the source AsyncSubject.

#### `withLatestFrom`

``` purescript
withLatestFrom :: forall a b c. (a -> b -> c) -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject b -> AsyncSubject c
```

Combines each value from the source AsyncSubjects using a project function to
determine the value to be emitted on the output AsyncSubject.

#### `zip`

``` purescript
zip :: forall a. Array (AsyncSubject a) -> AsyncSubject (Array a)
```

Waits for each AsyncSubject to emit a value. Once this occurs, all values
with the corresponding index will be emitted. This will continue until at
least one inner AsyncSubject completes.

#### `catch`

``` purescript
catch :: forall a. (AsyncSubject a) -> (Error -> AsyncSubject a) -> (AsyncSubject a)
```

#### `retry`

``` purescript
retry :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

If the source AsyncSubject calls error, this method will resubscribe to the
source AsyncSubject n times rather than propagating the error call.

#### `delay`

``` purescript
delay :: forall a. Int -> AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject a
```

Time shifts each item by some specified amount of milliseconds.

#### `delayWhen`

``` purescript
delayWhen :: forall a b. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> AsyncSubject b) -> AsyncSubject a
```

Delays the emission of items from the source AsyncSubject by a given time
span determined by the emissions of another AsyncSubject.

#### `dematerialize`

``` purescript
dematerialize :: forall a. AsyncSubject (Notification a) -> AsyncSubject a
```

#### `materialize`

``` purescript
materialize :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (Notification a)
```

#### `performEach`

``` purescript
performEach :: forall a e. AsyncSubject a -> (a -> Eff e Unit) -> Eff e (AsyncSubject a)
```

Performs the effect on each value of the AsyncSubject.  An alias for `do`.
Useful for testing (transparently performing an effect outside of a subscription).

#### `toArray`

``` purescript
toArray :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject (Array a)
```

#### `count`

``` purescript
count :: forall a. AsyncSubject a -> AsyncSubject Int
```


